The Secure User-Shared Software Yielding Benefits and Advancements for Knowledge
Acquisition License (SU-SS-YB-AK-A) 
Copyright (c) 2023 Omnimapper Team

The SU-SS-YB-AK-A (Secure User-Shared Software Yielding Benefits and
Advancements for Knowledge Acquisition) license is a permissive open-source
software license designed to encourage the sharing of software among users while
ensuring its security and integrity.

The SU-SS-YB-AK-A license allows users to freely use, modify, and distribute the
licensed software, subject to the following terms and conditions:

1. Redistribution of the software must include the copyright notice and the
SU-SS-YB-AK-A license.

2. Modifications to the software must be clearly documented and attributed to
the original authors.

3. The software may not be used for any illegal or unethical purposes.

4. The software must be accompanied by a disclaimer of warranty, limiting the
liability of the original authors.

5. The license grants a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual
license to any patents or other intellectual property rights held by the
original authors, with respect to the software.

6. Any user who contributes modifications or improvements to the software may
grant the original authors a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual
license to any patents or other intellectual property rights held by the user,
with respect to those modifications or improvements.

7. Any disputes arising from the use or distribution of the software shall be
resolved in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the original
authors reside.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
